Deprecate supportsTags. (#6598)
microsoft/FluidFramework: BREAKING.md

## 0.43 Breaking changes

> - [TinyliciousClient no longer static](#TinyliciousClient-no-longer-static)

Reviewer: I don't think we make any update here.  0.43 client release isn't changing in any way with this change.

Author: Right, put a note here too since most people look at the root BREAKING.md, but I can remove it. (Or are you saying pin it to the top or something)

Reviewer: Ok I see what you're getting at.  Nonetheless, having this in here will be the wrong time/place for anyone to be aware - it's totally arbitrary relative to when the change will actually hit anyone.  Perhaps when we bump the client's dependency on the defs packages, we'll include a note in this BREAKING.md saying to look at all the def's breaking changes or something?

cc @anthony-murphy

- [supportsTags deprecated](#supports-Tags-deprecated)

### TinyliciousClient no longer static
`TinyliciousClient` global static property is removed. Instead, object instantiation is now required.

### supportsTags deprecated

> We are deprecating use of supportsTags and instead going to handle tags directly at the interface of the runtime and
> `IContainerContext`. This will allow loggers downstream to be agnostic about whether messages have tags. However, note
> that this change will occur via a new release of `common-definitions` (not the client).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are deprecating use of supportsTags and instead going to handle tags directly at the loader/runtime boundary
via `IContainerContext`. Other than this boundary, all loggers can assume full support for tags on all telemetry events. 
However, note that this change will occur via a new release of `common-definitions` (not the client).
```
